[magical music playing]
[Usagi] My dream is to have
a cute little house surrounded by flowers,
and live happily ever after
with the man I love and our child.
[Haruka] "What's your dream?"
If I asked you that,
what would you say?
What would your answer be?
-[man] Wanna grab something to eat?
-[woman] Sure.
[male fan] Excuse me,
are you Michiru Kaioh-san?
Wow, it really is you!
I'm such a huge fan!
I've got all your CD's!
I'm honored to meet you!
-Ah, there you are.
-[gasps softly]
Agh!
[Haruka] Those roses are lovely.
Are they… a gift from a fan?
[Michiru] Nice try, but no.
I actually bought these myself.
I wanted something special to commemorate
the six-month anniversary of our new life.
Six months already.
[woman 1] It's the famous violinist,
Michiru Kaioh!
When did she come back to Japan?
I heard she was living
overseas somewhere.
[woman 2] Oh, that must be
her beloved partner,
the F1 test driver, Haruka Tenoh!
He's such a hottie!
I wonder if they're living together.
[woman 3] Check out the rings!
They may be more than living together.
[woman 4] No way!
Did they get married in secret?
[gentle baroque music playing]
-Look, Michiru.
-[gasps]
Formula, diapers, 30% off!
[Haruka] That's a steal!
Haruka, did you forget already?
How our little princess outgrew
all those newborn things,
like diapers and bottles, weeks ago.
[typing]
[clicking]
-[plate breaking]
-[sighs]
That was the kitchen.
Oh, dear…
Wasn't she quietly reading a book
only a second ago?
[crying]
-[sobbing]
-[door closing]
[Haruka] We're home!
Daddy Haruka!
You're finally back!
Can we play like we played yesterday?
Not now, you've got a violin lesson
with Mommy Michiru.
-Aw.
-Not complaining.
Now let's get changed.
-Hmm!
-[giggles softly]
[music sting]
[Michiru] Look at this!
Oh, my antique plates are destroyed!
-Sorry.
-[sobs]
She was reading a book.
She was only by herself for a moment.
[Michiru] She probably got bored.
She's already read
every book in the study multiple times.
Just the other day she recited
one of Virgil's epic poems from memory.
[sighs]
Even though we see it every day,
the rapid pace of her development
never ceases to amaze me.
It feels like a high-speed dream.
Mm?
[Michiru] Definitely.
Here. I'm wearing this.
[Haruka] When she was still in diapers,
she was so good and obedient.
But now that she's bigger,
she's turned into a little terror.
There now, all done.
-[Hotaru giggles]
-Indeed.
[Setsuna] Most days, it feels like
we're experiencing something otherworldly.
Like the day of the solar eclipse.
I was working that day, doing research
at the Tokyo Bay Observatory.
I had an ominous feeling.
The first such feeling I sensed,
since the four of us
began living together.
[operator] Phase One is underway.
[ominous music playing]
[Setsuna]
Please, don't let anything bad happen.
[operator] Phase Two is underway.
[Setsuna] Gradually,
the darkness fell upon us.
[high-pitched giggling]
[Setsuna breathing shakily]
-[giggling continues]
-[panicked gasps]
-[gasp]
-[worker] Setsuna-san.
-Setsuna-san.
-[gasps]
Are you feeling all right?
Oh, you can relax. All was successful.
[Setsuna] Successful?
No, something went wrong.
Everything got distorted for a moment.
Something came here
under cover of darkness.
Was it an enemy?
I need to transform and investigate.
Pluto Planet Power!
Make up!
[gasps]
[Setsuna] I can't… transform.
[Hotaru] Mommy Setsuna.
-Mommy Setsuna?
-[gasps]
Is something wrong?
[sighs] I'm fine.
Didn't mean to scare you.
[both chuckle softly]
[Setsuna] That was six months ago.
[pensive music playing]
I should have known this would happen.
When our last big battle ended,
we chose this life. A different path.
But now that we can't transform,
I think it must be a sign
of the end of our parental duty.
That day.
The day of the full solar eclipse.
That was the day.
That was the moment our dear Hotaru
began developing at a frightening rate.
[giggling]
[Setsuna] Hotaru,
do you know what this means?
Are you reawakening?
Is this a signal
of something you're trying to tell us?
What's about to happen?
[children] We're here!
[girl] Michiru sensei!
Hi there! And once again,
you're right on time.
[playing lyrical melody]
-Good, that was very well done.
-[giggles]
Now, Hotaru-chan, you're next.
[both] Watch for it, watch for it.
[Michiru] And, begin.
[playing heartfelt melody]
[whoosh]
-[both gasp]
-It's back!
[boy]
That weird ghost horse is here again!
It's the same one as last week.
Michiro-sensei, can you see it?
Why does it show up
whenever Hotaru-chan plays?
Children, I don't know.
[heartfelt playing continues]
-[all gasp]
-Now there's a ghost girl!
[Michiru] That looks like…
[gasps]
[Michiru] …Small Lady!
[neighs]
[all gasp]
Wait, don't go!
-[panting]
-[Michiru] Hotaru!
[panting]
[mystical music playing]
[Michiru gasps softly]
[Michiru] There are moments
when Hotaru is spirited.
And when she's so full of energy,
she can't contain it.
And then, there are other moments when
she's still and her eyes turn cold as ice.
When she's like Sailor Saturn.
[mystical music continues]
[Hotaru] They know her.
She was in that picture.
The one with Mommy Michiru
and the girl with the buns in her hair.
They know why that girl is crying?
I do. It's 'cause that pegasus died.
-[Hotaru] Poor pegasus.
-[gasps]
[gasps]
[Michiru] What happens next?
Will Sailor Saturn reawaken?
-[boy] Bye, Michiru-sensei!
-[girl 1] Good-bye!
[girl 2] Bye, Hotaru-chan!
Bye-bye!
[gasps softly]
[giggles]
Say, why don't I go make dinner?
Yay!
[Michiru]
I wish we could stay here forever.
Just the four of us living in peace.
[Haruka] Something doesn't feel right.
[Setsuna] It's like I've been dreaming.
[all three] And the time has come
to wake up.
I see we're still playing
the big-bang solar system game.
[Michiru] Tell me again
how this actually works.
I play by keeping
Hotaru's powers in check.
Otherwise, when she gets frustrated,
she destroys it all.
Remarkable!
The planetesimals
that were there yesterday
have combined to form the planets.
And the residual gases are gone.
I'm conducting the small-scale
reenactment at a sped-up rate.
The solar system is now complete
at 4.6 billion years in.
[Michiru] All those heavenly bodies.
What are they?
[Hotaru] They're asteroids.
Tiny points of light
that are confused whether to live or die.
Though, in this newly-born system,
the choices are up to them.
This white one here is the moon.
It's so beautiful, like a pearl.
Its light, it's like a shining warmth
around the blue glass bead of Earth.
Haruka-san!
[Haruka] It reminds me of the light
that always seems to surround her.
[gasps] Haruka.
[mysterious music playing]
[Haruka] I really miss her.
I miss all of them.
I wonder how they're doing.
Right now, it's approaching the moment
of last week's solar eclipse.
[gasping]
Suddenly the Earth
is getting darker and darker.
And the moonlight is dimming!
[clapping]
-[gasps]
-[Haruka] Hotaru.
Why don't we call it and stop for the day?
It's time to take a bath
and get ready for bed.
Okay.
[Setsuna] The Earth and the Moon
were completely devoured by darkness
after the eclipse.
It's a warning. A vision Hotaru showed us.
The distorted space-time
that appeared in the Tokyo sky,
the abnormal rise in temperature,
the inexplicable destruction in town,
all these began or coincided
with the day of the solar eclipse.
They're evidence. An enemy is here!
You don't need to say it out loud,
Setsuna, we know!
[Michiru] You were working
at the Tokyo Bay Observatory.
I was on stage,
performing at a concert in Vienna.
And Haruka was in Africa,
just about to start a race.
And suddenly,
we sensed something was wrong.
And we were unable to transform!
And we haven't been able to,
since we lost all our powers
as Outer Guardians.
It doesn't matter.
The rest of them don't need us.
[Haruka] The Inner Guardians.
They've been able
to fight the good fight without us
and continue protecting the princess
like they always have.
-[thunder clapping]
-[shrieks]
[gasps]
Don't be scared.
[Hotaru] Who are you?
The way you look…
Are you me?
I am one who sleeps within you.
A memory, you might say.
You're asleep… inside me?
[Sailor Saturn]
Yes, and it's time to wake up.
[wind blowing]
You and I have a new mission before us.
[mystical music playing]
[Sailor Saturn] The sleeper must awaken.
Protected by the planet Saturn,
I command you, my sleeping soul.
[echoing] Wake up.
[mystical music continues]
[Hotaru] What is… going on?
[twinkling]
I'm seeing… all these visions.
I need to hurry.
The darkness drops again.
But, now I know.
"That twenty centuries of stony sleep
were vexed to nightmare
by a rocking cradle."
"And what rough beast, its hour come…"
[door opens]
-[all gasp]
-Hotaru?
Einstein said, "Life isn't worth living,
unless it's lived for someone else."
A heartfelt idea for a man
known for his mind.
And it's a thought I happen to agree with.
-[Michiru and Setsuna gasp]
-Are you who I think?
The time is upon us.
We four have to reawaken once again.
There are those we are meant to live for,
no matter how many times we are reborn.
Hotaru, you mean…?
[twinkling]
You remember… your past, Hotaru?
Yes, but I'm not who I was before.
I cannot do what I must
in solitude from afar.
We were reborn.
The princess, her true love,
the Inner Guardians,
we've all been given new life on Earth.
And now, we must use that life.
I can't thank you enough for raising me.
Daddy Haruka, Mommy Michiru,
Mommy Setsuna,
as parents and teachers,
you three guided me.
Now, I will guide you.
[twinkling]
[gasping]
These are the symbols of our powers.
They are our new Planetary Crystals.
[all] The Holy Grail!
[Haruka] Prince! Princess!
-[gasps]
-They look like something's wrong.
[Haruka] What is happening?
[dramatic music playing]
[Michiru] The roses!
Our prince and our princess
are in grave danger.
We must go to them.
There's no time to waste.
-[Setsuna] The Promise Rings we wear…
-[Haruka] …that symbolize…
[Michiru]
…the vow we made to raise Hotaru.
[all three] We no longer need them.
[Haruka] Let's go.
Let's go to the realm!
[Michiru] Because that place
has always been…
[Setsuna] …the only place
our true dream has ever existed!
[dramatic music crescendos]
[screaming]
Sailor Moon!
[gasp]
It's so hot in here.
One might almost think we'd wandered
into the Amazon somehow.
Ha! This isn't hot.
Hot is a 122-degree heat
in the middle of a race.
This fake jungle is just a little warm.
True. It may feel real,
but the heat and jungle are totally fake.
We must… destroy it.
[all gasp]
Are those…?
Uranus Crystal Power!
Neptune Crystal Power!
Pluto Crystal Power!
Saturn Crystal Power!
[all] Make up!
[upbeat music playing]
[upbeat music continues]
Protected by Uranus.
The Planet of the Sky.
The Guardian of Flight.
Sailor Uranus!
Protected by Neptune.
Planet of the Deep Blue Sea.
The Guardian of Embrace!
Sailor Neptune!
Protected by Pluto.
The Planet of Space and Time.
The Guardian of Revolution!
Sailor Pluto!
Protected by Saturn.
The Planet of Silence.
The Guardian of Ruin and Birth!
Sailor Saturn!
[all] Ready to fight!
World!
Shaking!
Dead Scream!
[gasp]
[pained grunts]
-Grr!
-How did those Guardians find us?
[Sailor Venus] Uranus, Neptune.
Pluto, and Saturn too…
You're here.
[gasps]
[Sailor Jupiter] Saturn. You've grown.
Mm-hmm.
-Mina!
-Artemis!
[Sailor Venus]
Looks like he's back to cat form.
Mina!
[gasps] We need to let Sailor Moon know.
Yes, we should tell her right away!
Uh-huh.
You should.
But right now
you might not be able to reach her.
[heavy breathing]
-Usagi.
-[coughing]
I'm all right.
[weakly] I just need some sleep.
-[Usagi coughs]
-Hmm. She's hurt.
We need some help.
Hold on, what do you mean?
Why can't we reach Sailor Moon right now?
Saturn, Uranus, Neptune, Pluto,
what are the four of you doing here?
Why did you come back to us?
We received a sign showing
our prince and princess in trouble.
[all gasp]
That's the reason.
That's why we came to reunite with you.
We have a destined path set before us.
It is our fate
to protect them at all costs.
[Sailor Pluto] We cannot run
or hide from it, we must accept it
and make way for whatever may come.
That is our purpose
as the Ten Sailor Guardians.
[grunt]
Tama-Arare!
[gasps] Tama-Hagane!
But first, we've gotta crush them!
[heroic music playing]
Deep Submerge!
[explosion]
Space Sword Blaster!
[grunting]
[Sailor Saturn] Small Lady…
[gasps]
[gasp]
[Sailor Saturn] Small Lady.
That voice.
[Chibi-usa] It sounds like…
Small Lady.
[gasps]
[Usagi] I feel it.
The Outer Guardians are fighting again.
Everyone is back together!
[gasps]
[twinkle echoing]
Neptune's hand mirror.
[upbeat music plays]
[Chibi-usa] It's them!
[Sailor Neptune] My little princess,
we'll come back. That's a promise.
And as a token of that promise,
I want you to have this.
All four of them came back!
Just like they promised.
Usagi!
-[coughing] I know.
-[panting]
I saw the four of them as well.
[Usagi] They were all there waiting.
Go, and I'll be right behind you!
Hurry, Chibi-Usa, there's no time to lose!
[gasps]
Hmm!
[joyous music plays]
[Chibi-Usa] Moon Crisis!
Make up!
Submarine Mirror!
Take me to Sailor Neptune!
I'm gonna go to them!
Ah! Small Lady…
[coughing]
[Luna] Usagi-chan!
[gasps]
Huh?
[Sailor Neptune] Small Lady!
[Usagi grunts]
[grunts]
I have to go. I need to go.
Wait, Usagi-chan! Don't!
[panting]
[both gasp]
[gasps] Mamo-chan!
Usa. I heard you.
You were calling out to me.
-[Usagi grunts]
-[gasps]
[grunts]
Usa, no. Do you have it too?
[dark music plays]
Has the cursed shadow on my lungs
reached yours?
[Usagi] It doesn't matter,
I have to go join the others.
Something's about to happen.
[gasps]
[exhaling]
I must… I must go.
I have to help them!
[yelling]
-[grunts]
-[giggles]
Ha!
[all grunt]
The prince and princess are in danger?
What in the world is going on?
[grunting]
[steel clangs]
We have to stay focused!
Watch this!
Submarine Reflection!
[explosion]
[all grunting]
[gasps]
[Sailor Neptune] Look. A giant New Moon.
A dark moon now hangs above the circus.
No, wait, it's a portal that opened up.
A portal hidden by the darkness.
An evil portal,
from which nightmares are bursting forth.
Nightmares?
But I didn't see anything
when I was inside the tent.
The nightmares come from here.
From them.
And they're devouring
people, cities and the whole world.
[Sailor Pluto] An abnormal dark barrier
is already surrounding this planet.
And holding it hostage.
This enemies want to change our world
into a world of death.
[evil chuckles]
[heavy breathing]
The air seems to be getting denser.
Was it always this dark here?
[indistinct chatter]
[grunts]
[glass shattering]
[indistinct fighting]
[Chibi-Usa] What is this?
It's not the Juban I know!
[heavy breathing]
Is that… a Dark Moon?
No, it's more like a black hole!
[footsteps approaching]
[gasps]
Sailor Moon!
Uranus!
Neptune!
Pluto!
Saturn!
[gasps]
[Zirconia]
My girls are outnumbered and struggling.
But now, playtime is over!
Hello and welcome, Sailor Guardians.
Let me introduce myself.
I am Zirconia, the Spirit Guide
who serves Queen Nehalennia.
You who were once part
of the White Moon Kingdom.
I know who you are
and why you were reborn on this planet.
But you are too late.
This entire area is under our control.
Or to put it in another way,
we've got the whole world in our hands!
Such a weak planet.
Unguarded and defenseless.
It was so very easy
to infect with nightmares.
As simple as twisting a newborn's neck.
[dark music playing]
[coughing]
Sailor Moon!
-[gasps]
-[Sailor Uranus] Tuxedo Mask!
[both groan]
You'll pay for this.
Trying to take over
by preying on people's fears.
Why does this concern you?
You are from White Moon Kingdom
which is long gone.
And you should be gone along with it!
I exorcise you, cursed ones!
Watch out!
[dark music rising]
[all grunting and groaning]
[gasps]
Oh no!
Prince, Princess!
[groaning]
Helios!
[screaming]
Prince, princess!
Now you suffer and struggle
for your life until you die!
[cackling]
[all gasping]
No!
I won't… let them die!
Guess they can't protect the world now,
can they? [giggles]
[all laughing evilly]
[gasps]
[panting]
Chibi Moon! Saturn!
[Usagi grunts]
[Helios] They're strong,
but their resilience is diminishing.
If they stay like this, they will die!
[wind gusting]
[neighs]
[gasping] They're gone!
What happened to them?
[footsteps running]
[Chibi-Usa] Hotaru-chan!
No, Sailor Saturn!
[panting] Um, you've grown a lot.
I had to grow up
in order to fulfill my duty.
But,
-Super Sailor Chibi Moon…
-[gasps]
…I also did it
so I could fight beside you.
[gasps]
[panting]
Welcome, ladies.
Behold the mysteries of the Amazon jungle!
Featuring the one and only
Amazoness Quartet!
And now, let the legendary
Dead Moon Circus show…
-…begin!
-[both gasp]
For our next act,
we'll need you two to volunteer.
Then the Amazon Stone
that wields the power of darkness
can send you both to hell!
The ones in hell are the four of you!
The fiendish power of darkness
has trapped you there.
You need to wake up!
Tama-Gusuri!
Silence Wall!
[grunts] Stop. Why can't you all realize
these dark nightmares are controlling you?
-[Sailor Saturn] Can't you feel it?
-[gasps]
[grunting]
[Ves-Ves] What are you talking about?
We were born on Dead Moon.
Born with the divine power
of the New Moon's darkness.
We control nightmares,
not the other way around!
You do have innate powers,
but that's not what they are.
They've been distorted.
You're all being manipulated!
You need to wake up!
Silence Glaive Surprise!
[gasps]
[Jun-Jun] Nice try,
lying Silver Millennium scum!
But we know who we are,
and our desire is to seize
the White Moon and blue planet!
Tama-Sudare!
[gasps]
[Ves-Ves] You and your sweet dreams. Ha!
[Palla-Palla] You don't understand.
In the circus, in the darkness
we don't have any dreams at all!
[Jun-Jun] Not one.
And all because of the White Moon.
That's why we hate you!
[Chibi Moon]
I feel their nightmares flooding in.
And, what I'm feeling makes me so sad.
But aren't they our enemies?
Hmm!
-[slashing]
-[gasps]
[evocative music playing]
You don't understand. You must wake up.
Or this will be your end.
[all gasp]
One who lusts the power
is manipulating you.
[evocative music continues]
-[electricity crackles]
-[gasp]
You gullible traitors.
[Cere-Cere] Zirconia!
-[all gasp]
-I did not! I swear!
[gasps]
[blast]
[all gasp]
-[screaming]
-[Zirconia] Stupid weaklings!
I took you under my wing
and this is how you choose to repay me?
[both grunt]
[Zirconia] Oh, Zircon.
These childish intruders
have meddled in our affairs!
We should punish them as well.
[blast]
[gasps]
Moon Gorgeous Medita--! [screams]
[both screaming]
[clinking]
[cackling]
[ominous music playing]
[evil laughter]
[birds chirping]
[Usagi] It's bright.
Is that sunlight?
It's so warm!
I'm not in the sun.
I'm in Mamo-chan's bed.
The sheets are fluffy and soft.
And it smells like I'm out in nature.
[Mamoru] Usa-chan.
-Usa-chan.
-[gasps softly]
[Usagi] Mamo-chan?
[gentle music playing]
Good morning, Usa-chan.
Oh, how would you like your eggs?
Sunny-side up? Hard boiled? Omelet?
Omelet, please.
[Mamoru] Okay.
[Usagi] Wait. Wasn't I having a dream?
I thought I was.
Hmm!
Surprise.
I actually made you french toast.
How about some jam?
-Oh! I love my marmalade!
-[chuckles softly]
Shoot! I forgot to do my math homework!
-[Mamoru] It's okay.
-Huh?
I found it in your bag and did it for you.
I also made sure
that all your textbooks were organized.
[Usagi] Am I sure this is just a dream?
[Mamoru] I'm so happy.
You know?
My dream was to live with you
and to walk to school every day,
hand in hand.
And now it's come true.
I don't think I could be
any happier right now.
[Usagi] Really? That was his dream?
I love you.
The only thing I care about
is making all your dreams come true.
And I don't want you
to lift a finger, Usa-chan.
Just feel free
to leave everything to me, okay?
[Usagi] Mamo-chan doesn't sound
like he usually does.
He's cool, ambitious,
and always pushing me to do my best.
He would never do my homework for me.
What about medical school?
Didn't you want to be a doctor
when you grow up?
Don't be silly. When I grow up,
I just want to marry you.
Huh?
-You want to marry?
-Isn't that your dream?
[gasps]My dream? My dream is…
[Mamoru] Usa.
Usa.
[soft groans]
Hey, are you all right?
[soft groan]
Mamo-chan?
[doomed gasp] Darn it! It was a dream!
And little Mamo-chan was so cute!
That was an almost perfect scenario!
Usa?
[Helios] How are you both holding up?
Are you okay?
Helios!
Hey! What's going on?
Didn't she make Mamo-chan and I small?
-[Helios] Shh.
-Ow!
Lower your voices.
We have to get to the shrine
without Nehalennia noticing.
[small gasp]
The nightmares you were infected with
on the surface should be dissipating.
There's not much
purification power left here.
But it was enough to turn you back
to your grown-up forms.
[uneasy breath]
[atmospheric music plays]
[Usagi] Where is here?
This is Elysion.
[Mamoru] Elysion?
It's like a nighttime wasteland.
[soft gasps]
-[dark wind blows]
-Mamo-chan!
[Helios]
The black roses symbolize the curse.
The once pure and beautiful Elysion
has been turned into a land of nightmares.
[Helios] Come.
Let me show you to the shrine.
[sighs]
[Usagi] Are those… crystals?
There's someone inside!
[Helios] Besides myself,
there are only two who still dwell here.
The Maenads serve
as the Shrine Priestesses.
The purification properties
of this hallowed sacred place
forms the crystals
that surround and protect them.
[Mamoru] This place… it feels familiar.
Why is the shrine something I know?
Long ago, your family were the ones
who protected this shrine, my Prince.
This is Elysion.
Where the Golden Kingdom was.
A kingdom that sadly no longer exists.
This was the Golden Kingdom?
That's right. I remember now.
All the natural splendor on the planet's
surface was here on Elysion, too.
The Earth's heart.
[Helios] Yes, and while you ventured
up to the surface,
to protect the planet from there,
I stayed behind, here in the shrine,
praying for the Earth's safety.
Though we were far apart,
our hearts were one.
Our mission and purpose was the same.
This goal was also
when you shared with each other.
It's why the two of you fell in love.
[Helios] One from above, one from below.
You should never have met, but you did.
You both have the same duty to fulfill.
And you wielded the same power.
I don't understand. It was the same?
[Helios] Silver Millennium from above,
and the Golden Kingdom, from below.
Together, had long protected the Earth.
And both kingdoms had Power Crystals.
The legendary Silver Crystal,
was the Power Crystal
of the Princess of Silver Milennium.
While the Golden Crystal,
holy stone of the Golden Kingdom,
belonged to you,
Prince of the Golden Kingdom.
[Usagi] Mamo-chan has a Crystal too?
The Golden Crystal?
What's that?
[Helios] The center of the shrine,
the Tower of Prayer.
This is where I pray and meditate.
It's also where I receive revelations.
Like the vision of the maiden
who came and spoke to me.
[Princess] Helios…
The time nears when the seal
of the Holy Stone, the Golden Crystal,
will be broken.
You will experience terrible pain.
This will be you
and Elysion's greatest test.
But the maiden
will be fiercely by your side.
The maiden?
[Princess] A princess and Guardian,
who is protected by moonlight.
A dreamer of beautiful dreams.
She possesses the sacred gem that can
break the seal  of the Golden Crystal.
Who are you?
I am Princess Lady Serenity.
[Usagi] Princess Lady Serenity?
The chosen maiden, the one
the vision spoke of, is you.
And now the time has come.
Please, Princess.
You must now use your sacred gem
to break the seal of the Golden Crystal.
But Helios, I don't know
where the Golden Crystal is!
The Golden Crystal is hidden.
No one knows where it is.
It's location is secret.
It could be sealed here in Elysion
or any number of other realms.
But, Princess, with your Crystal,
you should be able to figure out
where it is and break the seal.
[Usagi] Mamo-chan's sacred crystal
is hidden and sealed away.
Just like mine was. Oh!
If your crystal's like mine,
could it be inside of you?
You mean in me?
Yes, of course!
The Golden Crystal is in you
like the Silver Crystal was in me!
[Mamoru]
The Golden Crystal is sealed inside me…
It can't be!
I'm certain of it.
[Usagi] Mamo-chan, you've always
been there and given me strength.
You gave me your power, your energy.
And it guided the power
of my legendary Silver Crystal.
And that had to have come
from the Golden Crystal, Mamo-chan.
Now it's time for that energy to take form
and be released into the universe!
[gentle music soars]
I don't understand.
I've always had this power?
So when I thought I was holding you back,
I wasn't.
[chuckles softly]
This reminds me of my dream.
In it, right when you asked me
what dream I wanted, I woke up.
But now I can tell you my dream
is to protect everyone on Earth.
And make sure
they can live happily in peace.
With you by my side.
That's my dream. What about you?
My dream is the same.
I want to keep on protecting this planet.
[Mamoru] Together, with you.
Yours and mine. It's our dream.
[Usagi] No matter which lifetime,
there's only one dream.
[gasps]
Huh?
[Usagi] Helios!
-Hmm!
-[gasps]
-Princess, wait!
-[screams]
Hmm.
[Queen Nehalennia]
Well, well. So the rats got in.
-Usa.
-[gasps]
[sudden music sting]
[Queen Nehalennia]
That little bird in the cage is mine.
Not for rats like you to feed on.
[evil laughter]
Helios isn't yours!
The light of the crystals!
Despicable vermin, you annoy me!
O, Elysion, hear me!
Grant me your power!
[terrified cry
[whimpering]
How dare you?!
-[groans]
-[Usagi and Mamoru] Helios!
Get back to the surface!
If both of you use your powers,
you can triumph
over the nightmares up there too!
The Earth needs you to protect it!
[both] We will, Helios!
[grunts]
[all gasping]
The prince is gone.
And so is the princess.
[gasp]
[all gasping]
[all] Prince! Princess!
We're back!
Moon Crisis!
Make up!
[all] Sailor Moon!
Tuxedo Mask!
[gasps] Where's Saturn and Chibi Moon?
They're not here.
We haven't heard from them
since they went after the quartet.
[brooding music playing]
-[Nehalennia] You've interfered enough.
-[sighs]
I hope you finally realize
further resistance is futile.
[Zirconia] Do not fear, Queen Nehalennia.
I, Zarconia, the Spirit Guide,
will make sure everything goes to plan.
[thunder clapping]
-[panting]
-[all gasp]
[high-pitched giggling]
What's happening? [gasps]
[somber music plays]
[Usagi] What happened to everyone?
[gasps] It's so hot! [groans]
[grunts] My lungs! I can't breathe.
Jupiter!
-[all groaning]
-[Usagi] It's not that bad, is it?
Come on! [groans]
[coughing]
Sailor Moon! [coughing]
[all coughing and groaning]
[Usagi] I can't fall. Not yet!
I have to save everyone.
But it hurts so much!
-[loud bang]
-[both coughing]
[Usagi and Mamoru] Helios!
Prince, Princess!
[somber music playing]
[Helios]
O, Elysion, I besiege thee, please.
Release the last of your power.
Send it to the Earth's surface.
Of all the prayers I've ever made,
answer this one.
[blast]
[elegiac music playing]
[grunts] The heat is going away.
I blacked out. What happened?
-[gasp]
-These crystals…
-[Helios] My Prince.
-[gasps]
-Helios!
-Oh!
Did you send Elysion's
purifying crystals here?
They may not be effective for very long.
But yes, I sent them.
Sadly, this is the limit of my power.
Helios!
My Prince,
I'm glad I was able to meet you.
Helios!
[gasps]
And I'm also glad
I got to meet the little maiden.
Helios, no!
Hmm.
Huh.
He won't be troubling us anymore.
[blast]
[ominous music plays]
[gasps]
[all gasping]
[rumbling]
[groaning]
[gasps]
[screaming]
[all gasping]
[all] Princess! Prince!
-[groans]
-[grunts]
They look hurt. This is bad!
Sailor Moon!
-[cracking]
-[gasps]
[screams]
This can't… This can't be real.
This is… a nightmare!
[Sailor Uranus] A nightmare?
[Sailor Moon] What happened just now?
-[brooding sounds]
-[gasps]
[Sailor Moon] My friends.
Mamo-chan!
Chibi Moon!
Saturn!
Please, this has to be a nightmare!
[gasps]
[screams]
[Nehalennia laughs evilly]
This planet belongs to Dead Moon
now and forever!
You weak, pathetic protectors
will wander in darkness for eternity!
There's no escape
from the nightmare of the New Moon!
[Artemis] Look!
Darkness is enveloping the entire Earth!
At this rate, the New Moon
will devour the crystal barrier
that Helios and Elysion
sent to protect us.
The planet's surface will be torn apart!
-Nobody's responding.
-[whimpering]
[Diana] Could they all have been
defeated by Dead Moon?
Oh, Small Lady,
I should never have left your side.
-Oh no! Look!
-[all gasp]
[beeping]
[Diana] That's it.
I'm going to the Dead Moon Circus!
[Luna] Diana, wait!
Hmm?
Now is not the time to panic.
We should stand by here.
The Sailor Guardians we know
wouldn't go down that easy.
-Hmm.
-[Artemis] We have to have faith!
Hmm!
[Artemis] Even if all seems lost,
they will protect this planet
no matter what.
-[Mamoru] Usa!
-[slap]
-Huh?
-Wake up!
They're feeding us nightmares.
-Mamo-chan!
-Look!
-[wind blowing]
-[all gasping]
Have heart and stay strong!
We're not going
to surrender this planet to them.
We're going to defeat them
and we're going to protect it.
[Sailor Uranus] The Prince.
He broke free of the nightmare.
How did he do that all by himself?
Mamo-chan.
He and I made a vow
to protect this planet.
And everyone's happiness, forever.
[Sailor Moon] It wasn't all a dream.
That was real. That was true.
Protecting this planet.
That 's always been our truth.
It's our purpose.
We can't give up. That's not an option.
We are the Sailor Guardians.
No one can defeat us.
[Sailor Uranus] Yes, that's right.
Life and death. Hope and despair.
Dreams and wishes. They're all in you.
Our Princess. Our everything.
They've always been in you.
Prince! Princess!
[both gasp]
We swear to you.
No matter what happens to us,
we will protect you.
Sailor Planet Power!
Uranus!
Neptune!
Pluto!
Mercury!
Mars!
Jupiter!
Venus!
Meditation!
[screaming]
[screams]
How dare you?!
[gasps]
[all panting]
[heroic music playing]
[Sailor Moon] A jungle?
[Sailor Mars] Mars!
Flame Sniper!
[Sailor Venus] Venus!
[chuckles softly]
Love and Beauty Shock!
-There she is!
-[panting]
[gasps]
[Sailor Venus] Sailor Moon!
-[thud]
-[gasps]
[panting]
[Sailor Moon] Where am I?
[Sailor Moon gasps]
Who are you?
[chuckles evilly]
You entered my domain.
You must possess great power.
But sadly, you're too late.
The time has finally arrived,
for me, Queen Nehalennia,
to claim the power of Earth.
[chuckles evilly]
You are… Queen Nehalennia?
I sensed it.
The power of those who protect the Earth.
But from where?
[gasps]
It's coming from those stones
and shards of glass!
-[Sailor Moon] Chibi Moon!
-[gasps]
-[Sailor Moon] Saturn!
Chibi Moon. Saturn.
You're in there, right?
[both] Sailor Moon!
[chuckles]
[gasps]
[cackling]
No! No!
[cackling continues]
Moon Gorgeous Meditation!
-[cackling]
-[gasps]
Chibi Moon! Saturn!
How dare you?!
[grunts]
Moon Gorgeous Meditation!
[evil laughter]
[crystals shattering]
-[Sailor Venus] Sailor Moon!
-[gasps]
Venus!
[Sailor Moon]
I rescued Chibi Moon and Saturn!
-Now break the mirror!
-[grunts]
[Sailor Mercury] Mercury!
Aqua Rhapsody!
[Sailor Jupiter] My turn! Jupiter!
Oak Evolution!
[gasps]
[screams]
[groaning]
Nehalennia, beautiful queen of Dead Moon
cannot die and will not be defeated.
This isn't over.
She will triumph in the end and reign
as ruler of the universe for eternity!
[gasping]
Hmm.
[Sailor Moon] Saturn?
[screaming]
[both] Sailor Moon!
[grunts]
-[grunts]
-You okay?
[gasps]
You all right, Chibi Moon?
And  you, Saturn?
I'm so glad you're out of there.
[all gasp]
[cackling]
[clattering]
Did the Dead Moon Circus just disappear?
[Sailor Pluto] I don't think so.
Look, the darkness is still everywhere.
Which means that
they're still lurking somewhere.
Where do you think they went?
I know.
[both] Elysion.
Elysion is in danger.
We have to go Elysion.
Well, we're all coming!
[all] Hmm!
No, you all have to wait here.
But, why?
If you're both going, I am too!
I want to see Helios!
All right, then.
Let's go to Elysion.
[Mamoru] Together.
[ethereal ringing]
[wind blowing]
[gasps]
We've been expecting you.
We are Maenads, the priestesses
who serve here and keep the Shrine.
Where's Helios?
Come this way.
[gasps]
Helios!
-No!
-No, Chibi Moon!
If you get too close to the cage,
you'll get hurt!
[grunts] Helios!
No!
Open your eyes! Please,
just give me a sign that you're okay!
Please, Helios!
Helios sent that crystal barrier
up to the surface.
He wanted to protect us
and everyone on Earth, but…
it took all his strength.
Did he die?
He's not… No. He isn't!
[grunts] Please, Helios!
Answer me!
[bell ringing]
[gasps]
The bell he gave me.
This is a sign he's not dead.
He's not. He's alive!
I'm sure of it.
He's alive as Mamo-chan is!
Because they're both connected.
-[gasps]
-That feeling.
[Sailor Neptune] Someone's out there
and they're watching us.
She's right. Our enemies are alive, too.
This fight is not over yet.
-[screaming]
-[panting]
[ominous music playing]
[Sailor Moon] The Dead Moon ship!
[gasping]
[Sailor Moon] I know that mirror.
[music sting]
[Sailor Moon] It's her!
Queen Nehalennia!
[laughs evilly]
[wind howling]
-[gasps]
-To those who do not know me,
I am Nehalennia.
Queen of the Dead Moon,
Kingdom of the New Moon Darkness.
Hello again, Sailor Moon.
Or rather,
young princess of  the White Moon Kingdom,
Silver Milennium.
I must say
your mother's idea was ingenious.
Having you reincarnated
on a different planet in a new form.
Well, she may have planned a new form,
but to my eyes,
you are the spitting image
of the late queen.
You knew her, the queen?
But of course. I too, rule a Moon Kingdom.
And this planet is part
of the Moon Kingdom.
Hence, the time has come now to reveal
the true ruler of the planet called Earth!
No one rules. Earth belongs to its people!
Your evil heart
tried to infect them all with nightmares!
Your reign has come to an end!
In the name of the Moon,
I will punish you!
You will disappear
and your nightmares with you!
Try to punish me all you want.
You won't defeat my curse!
[gasps]
[grunts]
Can't attack?
Come now, Princess!
[evil laughter]
[gasps]
Moon Gorgeous Meditation!
-[glass shattering]
-[screaming]
[grunts] What is this?
It's a different side of a kaleidoscope!
Oh no! It can't be!
She reflected our attack on us!
-[female voice] Serenity.
-[gasps]
[voice] Serenity.
Serenity, my lovely baby girl.
I'm glad you were born.
I love you so much.
[Sailor Moon] Queen Serenity.
Am I looking at my past life?
[Queen Serenity] Now, time to celebrate.
Let's invite everyone.
[tender music playing]
[Sailor Moon] Nehalennia's mirror?
Why is it in the queen's room?
[young Guardians]
Congratulations, Queen Serenity! Yay!
Thank you, girls. Welcome!
Welcome, Mercury.
Mars.
-Jupiter.
-[laughs]
And Venus.
You are Princess' Guardian Deities.
Queen, we've been
looking forward to this day.
We're so happy!
We vow we will risk our lives
to protect her.
As she is the precious one
who will be the next queen.
[all] Hmm!
She is going to grow fast
and will catch up to you soon.
I can't wait.
I wonder what kind of princess she'll be.
We've brought the princess gifts.
-And these flowers.
-And champagne for you.
[tense music playing]
[gasps]
Congratulations, Queen Serenity.
[all gasp] No.
[gasps]
A royal birth
is cause for great celebration
and you didn't invite me. [chuckles]
[Sailor Venus] Right.
Queen Nehalennia was an uninvited guest.
I remember her casting a dark shadow.
She was truly
a creature of the dark world.
Your darkness stings this palace!
Name yourself!
Oh, my. I came all this way
from the Moon's depths,
and this is the greeting I receive
from my fellow Moon folk?
Liar! No one can live in the Moon!
Wait! Yes, she does!
I know who this is. She's evil!
Stay away from her.
She's a mean witch devil
who lives to spread her darkness!
-[gasps]
-[Sailor Mars] I'd forgotten.
I kept that day's awful events
buried deep in the back of my memory!
The moon at that time
was an orb of white light.
Without any trace of darkness.
There was only peace and happiness there.
Then suddenly, an enemy appeared.
And settled deep
in the moon's dark recess.
And nobody noticed.
No one knew.
No one realized
that light could attract darkness
like a moth to a flame.
I bid you greetings, stranger.
If you've come here seeking
a peaceful coexistence,
we welcome you.
However, if your true intent
is to spread darkness,
then you will have to leave.
[Nehalennia] I will have to leave?
You speak as though you're native born,
but you came here too.
You are also from
a distant part of the universe.
Thus you have no right
to make me leave nor I you.
But Queen, I'm not here to argue.
Darkness isn't evil,
it's the inverse of light.
Accept that and there will be balance.
You're evil! Begone from here now!
Where there is light,
there is also darkness.
Always both!
Darkness calls light.
Light calls darkness.
They need each other!
[screaming in pain]
[screaming]
In darkness, I hereby seal you forever.
[groans]
[distorted voice] Lock me away!
But I will leave a parting gift
for the baby princess!
[baby crying]
[Nehalennia]
I curse this kingdom and its people!
-Silver MilIennium will fall!
-[crying]
And the princess
will never ascend the throne!
That is my present to her!
[glass shatters]
[Nehalennia]
And so my curse came to fruition.
The princess died
and Silver Millennium fell.
[Sailor Moon] The old Moon Kingdom fell
because Nehalennia cursed it?
A curse can't cause the death
of a princess or fall of a kingdom!
No, that was fate's doing!
Destiny can't be manipulated
by the likes of you!
[Sailor Saturn] She's right.
The kingdom suffered
multiple overlapping tragedies.
These were what led to its eventual fall.
I thought the board had been cleared
and everything reset.
But, apparently,
there was a piece still left in play.
[dark music playing]
[Nehalennia]
When the White Moon Kingdom fell,
its light dimmed.
Its people perished and the legendary
Silver Crystal disappeared.
I thought it impossible
for that to be the Moon's demise,
but it vanished into thin air.
That's when I set my sights
on this planet.
Dominating the Earth would prove
I was the true Moon Queen.
I could sense the planet had powers
similar to those of the Silver Crystal.
But I didn't know then
it held the Silver Crystal itself!
[gasps]
Sailor Moon!
[evil laughter]
[coughing]
-[coughing]
-Usa!
[coughing]
-[coughing]
-[evil laughter]
[Nehalennia] This is no dream.
My curse is eternal
and there is no escaping it!
Silver MIllennium and Elysion are doomed!
They will perish completely
once and for all!
[all gasp]
[gasps]
[Sailor Mercury] The Silver Crystal!
[screams]
[all screaming]
[Mamoru] Pull together, Mamoru.
To save Earth and Elysion
you have to stay alive!
Stripped of your powers,
the lot of you are as good as dead!
Now you will die.
And then everything will belong to me!
Now that I've obtained invincible power,
I will be the true ruler of the universe!
-[lighting strikes]
-[Sailor Moon] No, you won't.
[gasps]
[grunts]
[ethereal music playing]
Please, lend me your strength, Usa.
Mamo-chan!
We're not going to die here.
That's not our fate.
[Usagi] Yes, my love. You're right.
This nightmare could never defeat us.
[upbeat music playing]
[gasps]
[Sailor Moon] My chest feels hot.
As if a new power is starting to form.
[gasps]
No, no! You can't!
[Sailor Moon]
True power isn't something you can take.
You have to create it!
And when you create it, it's never alone.
We always need others.
You want true power?
Well, take a look!
This is true power!
["Moon Effect" playing]
Queen Serenity…
That's impossible!
[gasps]
[all] Huh?
Small Lady!
Diana!
-Princess Mercury!
-Princess Mars!
-Princess Jupiter!
-Princess Venus!
-We're princesses?
-Who are you?
-Princess Uranus.
-Princess Neptune.
-Princess Pluto.
-Princess Saturn.
Hello to you, Sailor Princesses
of the Solar System.
We are your Sailor Power Guardians.
[all]  You're Sailor Power Guardians?
And we're Sailor Princesses?
Congratulations, Guardians.
You just received
new transformation powers.
Now you must use the power
of your planet's castles.
We'll send strength
into Sailor Moon's Holy Grail.
[Chibi Moon] Look, it's the Grail!
[Sailor Uranus] The symbol
of our unity as Guardians.
[Sailor Venus] The Holy Grail
that we've been searching for!
That's it!
My friends, lend me your strength!
O Mariner Castle of my planet Mercury!
Phobos and Deimos Castle of Mars!
Io Castle of Jupiter!
Magellan Castle of Venus!
Miranda Castle of my planet Uranus!
Triton Castle of my planet Neptune!
Charon Castle of my planet Pluto!
Titan Castle of my planet Saturn!
Crystal Palace of the 30th century!
Give us strength!
[all] Give us power
to send to the Holy Grail!
Power for Sailor Moon!
["Moon Effect" continues playing]
It's Eternal Sailor Moon!
[Diana] Her powers are closest
to the powers of Queen Serenity!
Eternal Sailor Moon!
O celestial lights
that have been our protection!
Sailor Crystal Power
of our Sun's Planetary System!
Send your strength to my Eternal Tiara!
Silver Moon Crystal Power!
[Chibi Moon] Sailor Moon's
Silver Crystal changed!
[all grunt]
Venus Crystal Power!
Jupiter Crystal Power!
Mars Crystal Power!
Mercury Crystal Power!
Uranus Crystal Power!
Neptune Crystal Power!
Pluto Crystal Power!
Saturn Crystal Power!
Me too!
I should send Sailor Moon
my power as well!
Moon Crystal Power!
If it's true,
if the Golden Crystal really is inside me,
send Eternal Sailor Moon my power.
Look at that!
Gather all our powers together
and send them to her!
["Moon Effect" continues playing]
Starlight Honeymoon! Therapy Kiss!
[screaming]
[crash]
[grunts]]
[shrieking]
[continues shrieking]
[all gasp]
Impossible! I am all eternal!
The beautiful Queen Nehalennia!
[growls] Prince!
Prince of Earth, protected by the Sun!
Take my hand and give me your power!
I'm the true Queen of the Moon
and all planets in the solar system!
Your power belongs to me!
[all grunting softly]
-Huh? What are we doing here?
-[yawns]
How long was I asleep for?
Is that… an eclipse?
[Sailor Neptune] Things on the surface
are returning to normal.
The nightmare of the total solar eclipse
finally seems to be at an end.
[soft ringing]
[birds chirping]
That nightmare felt
like it went on forever.
But it's over.
[crying]
What's the matter, Serenity?
When I try to sleep,
an evil monster attacks me!
Venus and the others told me a scary story
about a terrible monster of darkness
that lives
on the other side of the mirror.
They said it eats cry-babies like me.
-Is it true?
-Serenity.
Each of us has a star
tucked away deep in our hearts.
A star?
Wherever there is light,
there will also be darkness.
If you show the darkness you're afraid,
it will feed off your fear
and try to harm you.
Unchecked, it will devour all your light.
But my dear Serenity, there is a way
to overcome the power of darkness.
Listen well, for it's something important
you must never forget to do.
Always let the star in your heart
shine brightly.
[gasps] Helios!
[gasps]
[tender music playing]
Can you hear me?
Helios! Open your eyes.
Please!
Come back to me.
[grunts softly]
-[gasps]
-[Helios] Princess Lady Serenity.
Why are tears streaming down your face?
It's all right, little maiden.
They're happy tears.
Hmm. You opened your eyes and woke up.
It made me so happy.
I couldn't help but cry.
What crystal is that?
[Diana] It's Small Lady's
Pink Moon Crystal.
Sailor Guardians.
They each have their own Sailor Crystal
that hold the power
of their Guardian Planets.
And that one, Small Lady, is yours.
It's your Pink Moon Crystal, Chibi Moon.
My own? You mean this is mine?
The Pink Moon Crystal?
[Diana] Yes, and its power,
or rather, your power,
revived Priest Helios.
The one who saved me
was the little maiden?
[gasps] Don't sit there! Hurry!
[gasps]
The maiden I saw in my vision.
Come on!
[Helios] It was you all along.
Wasn't it, Sailor Chibi Moon?
[fanfare music playing]
[grunts]
[noble music playing]
[Eternal Sailor Moon] Helios.
My Prince.
So I see she broke the seal.
Sailor Moon was able
to release your Golden Crystal.
The kind and… queen?
[gentle choral music playing]
[emotional music playing]
It looks like their coronation.
Yes, it really is.
Saturn, what's this?
Please, use your Silver Moon
Crystal powers to help them.
[gasps]
[all gasp] The Amazoness Quartet!
We are Guardians, protected
by the four asteroids of the solar system.
I'm Sailor Ceres.
I'm Sailor Pallas.
I'm Sailor Juno.
I'm Sailor Vesta.
[Sailor Uranus] They're Sailor Guardians?
We shouldn't be here.
We should be asleep deep in the uncharted
recesses of the Amazon jungle.
[Sailor Pallas] Unfortunately, Nehalennia
found us and noticed our dormant power.
She used the curse to force us
to awaken into a nightmare.
We became pawns of the Dead Moon
and were made to do her bidding.
But now, we're free
of that dark nightmare and her control.
And it's all thanks to you.
Now we must return
to our sleep in the jungle.
We won't have our true awakening
for quite some time.
-[Sailor Ceres] But Sailor Chibi Moon.
-[gasps]
One day you'll stand on your own
as full-fledged Guardian.
We eagerly await that day.
For that is when our true awakening
will take place.
Once that happens,
if you ever should need our assistance,
we will gladly
risk our lives to protect you.
[gasps] Are they my Guardian Deities?
[Sailor Saturn] Don't worry.
I give you all my word, we all
will protect the princess while you sleep.
[chuckling softly]
[emotional music rising]
[Chibi Moon] Sailor Ceres,
Pallas, Juno, and Vesta.
Some day,
I will be a full-fledged Sailor Guardian
you'll befriend and protect.
I hope, by the next time we meet,
that I will have worked hard enough
to become a full Guardian.
Or maybe by then,
I'll even be a true lady.
Sire, you must now return to the surface.
Let me escort you on my winged horse,
-[Pegasus!
-[neighing]
[gasps]
Now, follow me
and I'll take you back home.
Oh, Helios.
You're like a heroic knight
on your noble steed.
[Helios] Goodbye.
Please, take care of yourselves.
I will  pray for everyone's safety
at Elysion's shrine.
And you, my Prince, I'll pray for you too.
[grunts]
[sighs]
[tender music playing]
Helios, we'll meet again, right?
Yes, we shall.
[crying]
I'll be looking forward to it, maiden.
From the bottom of my heart.
I truly will.
Helios, promise…
Promise you won't forget me!
Some day far from now,
I will become the true lady
I'm mean to be.
When that day comes,
please, let Helios be my prince.
[crying softly]
Hey, cheer up.
You'll see Helios again, I'm sure of it.
But first you need to work hard
and grow a foot, or two.
[all chuckle softly]
That's true.
I am still kind of little right now.
But if I work hard and do my best,
my wishes will come true.
It's strange. The battle is over.
But I know in my heart
something still feels hot
in a way I can't describe.
Think it's the power
of the Golden Crystal causing this?
Mamo-chan.
Somebody once told me
that everyone has a star in their heart.
A star?
Yes, and what you're feeling
deep in your heart
is proof your heart is shining.
To make our dreams come true.
To continue protecting
all those we care about.
To keep fighting for truth and justice.
O. Star, tucked away in my heart.
your light is my power.
Keep shining on!
["Moon Color Chainon"
by Momoiro Clover Z playing]
["Rashiku Ikimasho" by ANZA playing]